We added our recipe model,
now let's use it.
So back to the recipe-list component, here
I added my recipes array and now that we created the model, we can also define a type for this. So we
can add colon to inform TypeScript that now we will define the type for this property and the title
will be recipe, so that will use our own model and not just a recipe but an array of recipes which is
indicated by adding square brackets after it.
So now TypeScript knows
the only thing which will ever get stored in this recipes property is an array which holds a couple
of recipe object
or also no such objects, that would be a possibility too but certainly not a couple of strings or numbers
but objects like this, like you find in our model.
Now to inform TypeScript where this type is coming from, we need to add an import.
So I'll import recipe, that is what we named it in here, right,
that's our class name so that's what we have to specify between the curly braces here, from
and now we have to move up one folder,
since we're in the recipe-list folder right now, we have to go to the recipes folder because that is
where our recipe model lives,
so now I navigated up one folder just like with the cd command in your terminal and then it's in the
recipe model file, again without the file extension.
So with that, we can now use this model
and now we can manage our array of recipes here
and let's start with one recipe, one dummy recipe.
So in this array, I will create a new recipe and I can use the new keyword to create a new object based
on this recipe blueprint, based on our class
and now when executing this like a method, we're actually calling the constructor,
so now here we need to pass the arguments we're expecting in this constructor, so name, description and image
path.
Now you may choose any data you want here, I'll name this a test recipe, so that will be the title, the
name of the recipe, then description,
this is simply a test maybe and the imagePath,
now as I said, I'm going to use images from the web here,
so we're going to use a URL.
Now let's simply search for an image and I will search for recipe,
let's use google image search, I also want to make sure that I may use whatever I find here.
So let's find a recipe, maybe this one here,
let's see. If we take this and deep linking like of course shall be done in a real app, this is just for testing
this.
So if we take this image here and paste the path in here as a string,
now we should be able to use this later on once we output this. So with that, we are using our own model,
we're using it here in the recipe-list component,
of course we won't be able to see anything for now,
so to see that, we should actually do something in the template of the recipe-list component. Here I'm
right now only outputting my recipe-item and I want to loop through all these items and use them to
display my recipes. For now, what I will do is I will add a Bootstrap row
first of all, like that and in that row, I want to add a column with the class col-xs-12 to have
it span over the full width
and here I will later add a button or I will add the button do right now but I will later add the functionality
to create a new recipe.
So here, I'll simply set up a button with the classes btn and then btn-success where I say new
recipe, like this.
Now again, this will be hooked up later.
So I'll add another row below this which should now actually hold my list of recipes, here I'll
again use col-xs-12
to have this span over the full width and keep in mind, this will already be nested inside of this
md-5 columns,
so it's only that wide to begin with
but inside this column, I wanted to span over the full width
and now here, we will later output my recipe items.
For now though let's put the code we will later put into app-recipe-item into this component here directly
because right now, we will have no way of getting our recipe data down to the recipe-item.
So that's something I will actually do after the next section once we learned this
but so that we're able to see something,
I will add the code for a single recipe-item here into the recipe-list directly. A single recipe-item
should be clickable,
so it's going to be an anchor tag because later once we click it, we want to select it
and here, I will then actually assign another class which will be a list-group-item to make it look like
a list-group-item in Bootstrap,
also add clearFix,
otherwise it will probably look wrong
and then I'll add a div which will receive the class pull-left since I want to have this on the left
of this list item. In there, a h4 tag
maybe with the recipe name, this should receive the class list-group-item-heading,
again these are all Bootstrap classes I'm using here and there, I will later output the name of the recipe,
so recipe name for now,
we will soon replace this with dynamic content. Below this,
I want to have a paragraph with a class of
list-group-item-text and here, we will have a description of the recipe
and on the other side, I'll add a span with a class of pull-right, in this span,
I want to output my image. So here, what I'll do is I'll add a class, img-responsive so that Bootstrap
will resize to image automatically for me
and again all that content will go into the app-recipe-item component after the next course section.
One more thing I want to set on the image though, I want to add my own style,
I'll simply add an inline style here to set the maximum height of that item to 50 pixels, so that we can't
go above that and Bootstrap will handle the rest and resize the image appropriately.
So that's my set up for a single item,
of course feel free to fine tune this to your needs.
Now with that, the goal is to replicate this item, again we will later put it into its own component
and then fill these spaces here with dynamic data.
This is your challenge,
we got a recipe-list component with our recipes array,
the array only holds one item for now, you of course are free to add more
but even with that one item, you should be able to replicate this part here as often as needed to
create one section of this code for each item in this recipe array and then fill name, description and
the source attribute here, property, with the right values for this recipe.
I will do this in the next lecture but
definitely try doing this on your own first.